add v4 migration guide (#150)
public-awesome/mainnet: stargaze-1/v4_0_0_UPGRADE.md

# v4.0.0 Upgrade

The upgrade is scheduled for block `2410800`, which should be about _17:30 UTC on 12th April 2022_.

These instructions assume you are running Cosmovisor. Most mainnet validators are running Cosmovisor, and [a setup guide can be found here](https://docs.stargaze.zone/nodes-and-validators/setting-up-cosmovisor.

NOTE: Cosmovisor will preform a full backup unless `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP=true` is set as an environment variable.

```bash
# get the new version (run inside the repo)
git checkout main && git pull
git checkout v4.0.0
make build && make install

# check the version - should be v4.0.0
# starsd version --long will be commit [pending-commit-id]
$HOME/go/bin/starsd version

> # make a dir if you've not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# make a dir if you haven't
```

mkdir -p $DAEMON_HOME/cosmovisor/upgrades/v4/bin

# if you are using cosmovisor you then need to copy this new binary
cp /home/<your-user>/go/bin/starsd $DAEMON_HOME/cosmovisor/upgrades/v4/bin

# find out what version you are about to run - should be v4.0.0
$DAEMON_HOME/cosmovisor/upgrades/v4/bin/starsd version

```

If you are not using Cosmovisor, then the chain will halt at the target height and you can manually switch over.

## WARNING: WasmVM 

> If the binary was compiled in the same machine where is going to run check it has linked the right version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the binary was compiled on the same machine where it is going to run, check if it has linked the right version:
```

```bash
ldd $BINARY_LOCATION/bin/starsd | grep vm
>        libwasmvm.so => $HOME/go/pkg/mod/github.com/ !cosm!wasm/wasmvm@v1.0.0-beta10/api/libwasmvm.so (0x00007fadbf749000)

 ```

> If you compile your binary in a different machine pay extra attention when doing to upgrade to have the correct libwasm version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you compile your binary on a different machine, pay extra attention to make sure you have the correct libwasm version
```

> This will require manual intervention to avoid running on a different vm before the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will require manual intervention to avoid running on a different VM before the upgrade.
```
